Brother Chen
When did Brother Yi become so powerful?
Su Yizawa
Are you my nemesis?
Today, not only did no one notice me
And pissed off a bunch of people
Su Yizawa
I'm not done with you
Susu, you only have poison sores left on your body now
But it's all small problems, let me help you wipe your teeth
Xi'er
Can I ask your brother Su to help me with the medicine?
Brother Susu
Susu will give you medicine and needs to take off your clothes.
and
All in private parts
Xi'er
I think you, Sugar, are a great guy
You are my best friend.
Help me
i
Ouch, brother Su
The Mo Riding Demon was looking for you just now, why didn't you go?
Yes yes yes you go
Go go go go
Hey Xiner, do you like it?
Guess what?